Among the amusements of early years, did it ever happen toyour Lordship to include the Peruvian Tales? The monster witha head upon his shoulders was not a more an object of moretender compassion to the headless nation, than your hapless corre--spondent has discovered himself to have become, on this or that occasion, to this or and that right honourable or otherwise dignified personage _ more of them than he cares to think of _ on the score of this humble, and as he thought innocent attempt, to sacrifice a moderate and well-weighed portion of personal profit, upon the altar of public justice. It was but t'other day that a gentleman in high office _ a most intimate friend of your Lordship's _ with thatcandour which was fitted to the occasion and the purpose _ and thatsuperiority of intuition which is among the appendages of suchhigh office _ was pleased, in conversation with a common friend,to number this among my "flights": this simple one possessing ofitself a sufficient degree of eccentricity to ground a presumption of as many more, as it might be convenient to give me credit for.The gentleman had not then by any means made up his mindupon my project, and of such his indecision the evidence of insan--ity afforded by this flight of mine was _ if not the only cause _ at least the only cause which it was found convenient to speak of .... And must I then, my good Lord be made company for the Margaret Nicholsons and the Hatfields? Must my reputation _ a very obscure one indeed yet in all other points a spotless one _ be sent to Bedlam, and with it my poor project, with the stampof the Parliamentary sceptre, twice imprinted, and still so fresh upon it? Procedure, thus summary! score the secretum Judicis! No commission issued _ no Physicians, no nor so much as thepatient, heard! _ Alas, my Lord! and is the offence inexpiable!If in either gentleman's official or his private calendar, disinter--estedness and a too poss passionate love of justice on uponthe list of nuisances and crimes, can not nine years spentin disgrace and solitude be accepted as a sufficient punish--ment? My good Lord! The key of the door which opens to thefoundation of Royal mercy is in your Lordship's hands. _ Tell me then my Lord, in pity tell me _ by what submissions, if by any, I distinguished the 