were kept in bondage. The papers (it is said) had been deliveredto "the Masters of the Transports": and these men, instead of bringing them to New South Wales, left them, or pretended to have left them, with their owners in England. ( ) The story is ascurious as it is obscure: _ Papers sent from the Secretary of State's Office, and directed either to the Governor, or to the Judge Advocate_ (for to whom else could they have been directed?) Papers thus directed, delivered _ not to the person in New South Wales towhom they were directed _ but to a person in England who, hadno( ) Collins p. 74 July 1789. Notwithstanding that little more than"two years had elapsed since our departure from England, several convicts "about this time signified about this time that the respective terms for which they had been transported had expired, and claimed to be restored "to the privileges of free men. Unfortunately, by some unaccountable "oversight, the papers necessary to ascertain these particulars had been "left by the Masters of the transports with their owners in England, instead "of being brought out and deposited in the colony; and as, thus situated, "it was equally impossible to admit or to deny the truth of their assertions, "they were told to wait until account could be received from England; & "in the mean time, by continuing to labour for the public, they would "be entitled to share the public provisions in the store. This was by no means "satisfactory, as it appeared that they expected an assurance from the governor of receiving some gratuity for employing their future time and labour for the "benefit of the settlement.] One of these people having, in the presence of his "excellency, expressed himself disrespectfully of the lieutenant-governor, he was "brought before a criminal court and tried for the same, of which offence being "found guilty, he was sentenced to receive six hundred lashes, and to wear "Irons for the space of six months. _ A "criminal court"? What criminal court? the court legalized bythe Act? the cognizance of that Court is limited by the Act itself, tosuch "outrages" and "misbehaviours" as would be "misdemeanors, felonies, "treasons or misprision thereof if committed within this realm" [27.G.3.c.2] which of all these crimes then would a man committ in this realmNote. by speaking disrespectfully of a Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales? _it must 9N. S. Wales