* that this plan of the Duke of Portland's for crowding Gaols and taxing Counties was not in every point of view a new one, appears from a Memorial presented by the Middlesex Justices to his Grace about 16 Months before, on the subject of the State Prisoners committed to Cold Bath Fields. The Memorial is printed at length in the "Papers presented "to the House of Commons relative to his Majesty's Prison "in Cold Bath Fields". Ordered b to be printed 18, Decr 1800. pp 78, 79. "His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of "Middlesex ... do ... humbly entreat Your Grace to take into "consideration the difficulties under which they labour; which "are yet farther encreased by the addition of so great a "number of Prisoners of the above description" [State Pri--soners] "to those whom the House of Correction was originally "intended to receive, and with which it is crowded to "a great degree of inconvenience .... "They also beg leave to observe, that a very great "additional expence has been incurred, on account of Pri--soners "of the above description; which expenditure, as "the various Burthens upon the County Rate, are already "very severely felt , they are deeply concerned to be under "the necessity of adding to the ordinary Charges of the Prison; "but this Expence the Magistrates confidently hoped will "be reimbursed to the County, on a fair statement of the "several Particulars". - From the so often mentioned posterior letter of his Grace's, which I have had the honour to bring to light, information in no small degree interesting may now be derived by these same Magistrates. In May 1798 they complain of the "crowding" of their Gaol with Prisoners not intended for it, speak of inconvenience, assume (as was but natural) that the inconvenience was, as such, unintentional on the part of the Duke, and, in mentioning it in that character, conceive that the consideration thus submitted to that Noble person's will, in the character of a motive, give birth in his Grace's mind to a determination to grant the relief they pra pray for. Little did they expect to see the day, & that so early a one, in which by a documentunder 28*