P. 274: December 1799. "The settlers, being dissatisfied "with the reduction in the price of grain which had been ordered,"presented petitions to the governor, in which they stated the various "hardships that for a considerable time past they had laboured "under, in the hope that he might be induced to receive the "crops of the present season at the usual price. Having taken"their petitions into consideration, he desired them to recollect, that"near four years since he had given them notice, that the high "price of grain could not be continued longer than that season; "and though he had not any doubt of their having sustained"the losses which they represented, and they must be sensible he "had used every means in his power to remove and relieve "their misfortunes, yet his duty to government compelled him "to adhere to the reduction of which they complained. At the same "time he could not avoid observing, that some of these misfortunes"had in many instances proceeded from a want of that attention "to their own interest, which every man possessing common dis--"cretion would have shewn; many of them having parted with "their last bushel for the gratification of the moment, thereby re--ducing their families to distress and nakedness."He likewise informed them, that he had much pleasure "in finding that government had a serious intention, as early"as the public concerns of the nation would admit, of adminis--"tering every possible relief, by supplying the inhabitants with "such necessaries and comforts as they might require at a moderate "price. He was, however, obliged to direct the commissary to "receive the grain of this season at the prices ordered by him"in the month of October." _ P. 276. Decr. 1799. "The body of the settlers having again represented their "total inability to bear any reduction in the price of the wheat of this season, "on account, not only of their former heavy losses, but of the exorbitant prices of "all those necessaries of life which they required for paying their labourers, the "governor consented to receive the wheat only at the former price of ten"shillings per bushel, and they were at the same time told to pre--"pare for the reduction that would certainly take place in the next "season. He also permitted a certain quantity of the wine & spirits "from the prize to be landed, for the immediate accommodation of"those who had their crops to secure, and to prevent the impositions"to which they were subject in being obliged to procure them from "a second or third hand." _ P. 298. Aug. 1800. "Several gentlemen being now preparing to return to England, "having obtained the Governor's permission for that purpose; much live stock was sold, "and a considerable addition was made to that belonging to the crown by the purchase of"some of the large horned cattle". 5