Extracts from the case of Campbell v. Hall _ Michas. Term15 9. 3. Rep. by Cowper _ pp. 206 & _p206 We have also given powers to the said governors, with the consent of our said councils, and the representatives ofthe people, to be summoned as aforesaid, to make, constituteand ordain laws, statutes, and ordinances, for the publicpeace, welfare, and good government of our said colonies andthe inhabitants thereof, as near as may be agreeable tothe laws of England, and under such regulations andrestrictions, as are used in our other colonies.p. 208. A great deal has been said, and many authoritiescited relative to propositions, in which both sides seem to be perfectly agreed; and which indeed are too clear to be controverted. The stating some of those propositions which we think quite clear, will lead us to see with greater perspicuity, what is the question upon the first point, and upon what hinge it turns. I will state the propositions at large. p. 208 The 4th, That the law and legislative government ofevery dominion, equally affects all persons and all property within the limits thereof; and is the rule of decision forall questions which arise there. Whoever purchases, lives,or ones there, puts himself under the law of the place. An Englishman in Ireland, Minorca, the Isle of Man, or the Plantations, has no privilege distinct from the natives. p 209. The 6th, and last proposition is, that if the kings,(and when I say the king, I always mean the king, withoutthe concurrence of parliament) has a power to alter the oldand to introduce new laws in a conquered country, thislegislation being subordinate, that is, subordinate to his own authority in parliament, he cannot make any newchange contrary to fundamental principles: he cannotexempt an inhabitant from that particular dominion; as for instance, from the laws of trade, or from thepower of parliament, or give him privileges exclusive of his other subjects; and so in many other instances which might be put. _ v. CampbellExtracts from the case of Hall v Campbell