No 1 P. 136. Decr 1790. The harvest which was begun in the last, was completed in this month. In the abundance that was expected,every one was disappointed; for, owing to a most tedious and un--fortunate drought during ten months, the wheat did not turnout more than one third of what, from the quantity of groundsown with that grain, there was a reasonable expectation of itsproducing, had the season been moderately favourable. This was themore seriously felt, as at one time a hope was entertained ofreaping grain sufficient to supply the colony with bread for twoNo 2. P. 202. March 1799. The settlement was at this time much in want of many necessary articles of life; and when these werebrought by speculators and traders who occasionally touched there,they demanded more than 500 per cent above what the samearticles could have been sent out for from England, with everyaddition of freight, insurance, &c. They saw the wants of thecolony and availed themselves of its necessities._No 3 P. 210. May 1799. A quantity of fresh pork having been forsome time secured into the store, there were found at this period sixmonths salt provisions remaining; which, without this supply wouldhave been all consumed, and the colony left without animal food,save in the article of live stock, a resource on which it could nothave been prudent to have touched as a supply, except in a caseof the last necessity._Every encouragement was given to the curing of pork upon Norfolk Island;but the casks in which the salt meat was sent from England were ingeneral so extremely feeble by the time they arrived, that scarcely one in ahundred was fit for that purpose a second time. Could any timber, fitfor this use, have been found in the country, yet a supply of hoops andsalt pans would have been necessary; and unless it was cured in the winterseason, and the method observed by Captain Cook was practised at Norfolk Island,it remained a doubt whether it could be accomplished to any considerable extent.The price of fresh pork having been raised in consequence of the failureof the late harvest, as a temporary relief to those who had suffered by thatmisfortune, the commissary was, at the close of this month, directed to re--turn to the price formerly established, viz. nine-pence per pound.The state of the public stores with respect to salt provisionshaving been carefully examined, it became necessary to make a smallreduction of the ration in time, in order to prevent a greater.years.1