5. P.202 March 1799. "The settlement was at this time much"in want of many necessary articles of life; and when there were"brought by speculators and traders who occasionally touched there,"they demanded more than five hundred per cent above what the"same articles could have been sent out for from England, with"every addition of freight, insurance, &c. They saw the wants of"the colony and availed themselves of its necessities." _ 6. P.275 December 1799. "At length the commissary was enabled "to issue some slop cloathing to the convicts, a quantity having"been received by the Walker; but, unfortunately, much of what had"been put on board arrived in a very damaged state, as appear'd"by a survey which was immediately taken." 7. P.285. February 1800_ "Some clothing had been received by these"ships and the Walker, but, unfortunately, not any bedding. The "governor therefore purchased a thousand bad rugs, which had"been manufactured in some of the Spanish settlements on"the west ocean coast of America, and where in the prize"which last arrived. These, with a compleat suit of the clothing "to each, were now issued to the convicts."_8 P.305. September 1800. "Many of the inferior farmers were "nearly ruined by the high price they were obliged to give for such "necessaries as they required from those who had been long in the "habit of monopolising every article brought to the settlement for"sale; a habit of which it was found impossible to get the better,"without the positive and immediate interference of the government "at home."_ "Many representations had been made on this distressing"subject; and they seemed in some degree to have been attended to,"as in several of the last arrivals from England, certain articles,"consisting of implements of husbandry, cloathing, and stores, had"been consigned to the governor, to be retailed for the use of the "colonists; and it was understood that this system, so beneficial "to the settlement, was to be pursued in all the ships which "were in future to carry out convicts or stores to that country." 4