P.27 - March 1797. "However unpleasant it was to the governor, that "the lives of so many of these people should have been taken, no other "course could possibly be pursued; for it was their custom, when "they found themselves more numerous and better armed than "the white people, to demand with insolence whatever they wanted; and, "if refused, to have recourse to murder. This check, it was hoped, "would have a good effect; and presumably, who had received seven "buck shots in his head and different parts of his body, was taken "extremely ill to the hospital. This man was first known in the "settlement by the murder of John McIntire in the year 1790; "since which he had been a most active enemy to the settlers, "plundering them of their property, and endangering their personal "safety".P.31 - April 1797. The natives at the Hawkesbury were at this "time very troublesome, burning a dwelling house and a stack "of wheat belonging to a settler there, after having plundered him P.32 - . Pemulwuy ... saw and spoke with one of the gentlemen"of the party; enquiring of him whether the governor was angry, "and seemed pleased at being told that he was not: not--"withstanding which, there could be but little doubt, that this "savage brutal dispostion would manifest itself whenever excited by the appearance of an unarmed man".P.33 - May 1797. "Notwithstanding the example which had lately "been made of the natives, they were exceedingly troublesome to the "settlers in Lane-Cove, burning a house and felling some hogs belong--"ing to one of them. This was certainly committing a wanton injury; "for neither the burnt house, nor the slaughtered animals, which "they left on the spot, could be of any benefit to them. At Kissing Point, another district, they dangerously wounded a "settler & his wife, first burning every article belonging to them. "The settlers in Lane Cove were so much <gap/> so perpetually alarmed "by their people, that they collected their whole force, and, a few "soldiers being sent to their assistance, went out in the night; "and, being directed by their fires to the place where they lay, "they discovered a large body of natives, collected, no doubt, for the pur--"pose of attacking and plundering the settlers, Being unwilling to take "any of their lives, a volley of musketry was fired over the heads,which""of all his other possessions." April 17976